Software/Programming Languages/C Language/C Language.md, before:

#Required #software
References for studying
[Modern C](https://gustedt.gitlabpages.inria.fr/modern-c/)
# [Microchip simple C Course](https://mu.microchip.com/syntax-and-structure-of-c)
Basic Embedded C concepts. notes based on course lectures will be linked in this folder under the tag with the course name.
 - [[Comments]]
 - [[Variables]]
 - [[Literals and Constants]]
 - [[Operators]]
 - [[Decisions]]
 - [[Loops]]
 - [[Functions]]
 - [[Variables 2]]
 -  [[Arrays]]
 - [[Pointers]]

# [Microchip advanced C course](https://mu.microchip.com/advanced-c-programming)

Advanced concepts for Embedded C language. Notes based on course lectures will be linked in this folder with the tag with the course name.
- [[Data Structures]]
- [[Data Structures Pointers]]
- [[Advanced Data Structures Pointers]]
- [[State Machines in Embedded C]] 
- [[Code Portability and Double Pointers]]


# [Microchip embedded C course](https://mu.microchip.com/advanced-embedded-c-tips-tricks-and-cautions)

# [Microchip Callbacks course](https://mu.microchip.com/c-programming-callbacks)

Commit message:

Finished Advanced C
finished Advanced C
organized file structure
removed duplicated files

Software/Programming Languages/C Language/C Language.md, after:

#Required #software
References for studying
[Modern C](https://gustedt.gitlabpages.inria.fr/modern-c/)
# [Microchip simple C Course](https://mu.microchip.com/syntax-and-structure-of-c)
Basic Embedded C concepts. Notes based on course lectures will be linked in this folder under the tag with the course name.
 - [[Comments]]
 - [[Variables]]
 - [[Literals and Constants]]
 - [[Operators]]
 - [[Decisions]]
 - [[Loops]]
 - [[Functions]]
 - [[Variables 2]]
 -  [[Arrays]]
 - [[Pointers]]

# [Microchip advanced C course](https://mu.microchip.com/advanced-c-programming)

Advanced concepts for Embedded C language. Notes based on course lectures will be linked in this folder with the tag with the course name.
- [[Data Structures]]
- [[Data Structures Pointers]]
- [[Advanced Data Structures Pointers]]
- [[State Machines in Embedded C]] 
- [[Code Portability and Double Pointers]]


# [Microchip embedded C course](https://mu.microchip.com/advanced-embedded-c-tips-tricks-and-cautions)

## Tips and Tricks 
- [[Goes to Functionality]]
- [[the = and == mistake]]
- [[typedef for function pointers and unions/structures]]
- [[Testing for header file inclusion]]
- [[Floating Point Math without An FPU]]
## Programming Cautions
- [[Implicit Promotion Risks]]
- [[Sequence Point Updates Side Effects]]
- [[Mixing Variable types ]]
- [[Initializing and Clearing Structures]]
- [[Macros Cautions]]

# [Microchip Callbacks course](https://mu.microchip.com/c-programming-callbacks)

- [[Callback Basics]]
- [[CallBack with Interrupts]]
- [[Callbacks With Multiple Project Files]]
- [[Flexible CallBacks Setup]]
